![Courtney's_anxiety.jpg](Courtney's_anxiety.jpg
"Courtney's_anxiety.jpg") Anxiety is a day to day struggle, impacting
most facets of life. A person with anxiety may have debilitating worries
about many things, big or small. It can create a sense of fear and
unease, as the mind becomes overwhelmed with stress. To make a
comparison, Anxiety is similar to walking down a dark street without
knowing what the road ahead may hold. In a situation such as that, one
would be easily startled and jumpy, constantly worrying about their
surroundings. Such is the impact that anxiety has on a person's mental
state overtime. An example of general anxiety would be obsessing over a
test for your biology class in a month. In reality, you have plenty of
time to study, but the brain will become stressed and keep you in a
constant "fight or flight" mode. This can become crippling to one's
mental state as it is not healthy to be worried 24/7. To break it down
into simpler terms, Anxiety is an emotion of worrying, stress, and
tension that can affect daily life and activities.Â  A more relatable
type of anxiety to most people is social anxiety. An individual may sit
out of an activity, or an event entirely, in order to not trigger their
social anxiety. Additionally, one may worry days or even weeks in
advance about said social event, causing unnecessary stress. This form
of anxiety can be seen in many people, especially after the recent
pandemic that kept social interaction to a minimum. Overall, there are
many forms of anxiety and these forms affect different people in
different ways.

Analogies-
https://www.counselling-directory.org.uk/memberarticles/the-anxiety-experience-7-metaphors-to-illustrate-anxiety#:\~:text=Anxiety%20is%20like%20being%20strapped,move%2C%20anxiety%20tightens%20the%20grips.

Diagram- https://www.psychologytools.com/self-help/anxiety/

https://www.apa.org/topics/anxiety

https://newsinhealth.nih.gov/2016/03/understanding-anxiety-disorders

  - [[Mathematics]] anxiety:
    https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0361476X21000758

  - [[Mental health]]
  - [[Stress]]
  - [[Test anxiety]]
  - [[Math anxiety]]

  - [[Anxiety reappraisal]]
    https://www.amazon.com/Future-Tense-Anxiety-Though-Feels/dp/0063062100/

  - https://www.kqed.org/mindshift/58462/how-to-help-anxious-students-re-adjust-to-social-settings

  - And [[active learning]]:
    https://www.lifescied.org/doi/10.1187/cbe.19-09-0186

  - [[Eye tracking]] social anxiety
    https://www.psypost.org/2021/12/eye-tracking-study-suggests-that-people-with-social-anxiety-not-only-avoid-looking-at-strangers-but-also-their-surroundings-62281

  - [[Student success]],  [[Graduation rate]],  [[Self-regulated learning]], [[Graduation rate]] [[Graduation rate]],  [[Math anxiety]]Cognitive
    skills](Cognitive_skills "wikilink") https://espace.bsu.edu/aarc/

[[Mental Health]]