![The_Dark_Triad_Traits.svg](The_Dark_Triad_Traits.svg
"The_Dark_Triad_Traits.svg") Machiavellianism is a mental principle in
which one manipulates and decepts others for their own goals. Many goals
that we pursue involve working with other people, but when someone using
Machiavellianism tactics is involved, they will use these other people
to achieve their own personal goal. The term is taken from the person
who outlined the principle, Niccolò Machiavelli. While considered
unethical since it involves using other people to fill in the gaps that
you are missing to complete tasks, numerous examples can be found in
modern times. Imagine that you are about to be laid off, your store
manager comes to you and says that unfortunately you are being fired.
Now who do you dislike,  your store manager who fired you or the unknown
to you regional director who decided to fire 20 employees because they
deemed the business would become more effective without them?
Machiavellianism involves making sure people see as much of the “good”
side of you while minimizing how much of the “bad” side can be seen. A
Machiavellian seeks to make themselves the most desirable person to deal
with so that other people see them as their friend and they will be
willing to help them. “The end justifies the mean” is a common saying
that means that successfully fulfilling a goal justifies all that you
have done to achieve it. This saying relates to Machiavellianism in that
Machiavellians see anytime they deceive, lie, or manipulate as a “means
to an end” meaning that all that they do is to see their goal come to
fruition.

# **Summary**

# <small>Machiavellianism is the use of manipulation and deception for one's own gain.</small>

# **See Also**

[The Dark
Triad](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/toxic-relationships/201812/beware-the-malevolent-dark-triad)

# **References**

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/adopting-machiavellian-survival-tactics-workplace-shoobridge-ph-d-

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/toxic-relationships/201812/beware-the-malevolent-dark-triad

https://dictionary.apa.org/machiavellianism