Have you ever felt frightened or been in a traumatic accident? Most of
the time our bodies recover naturally from these experiences and we are
able to move on with our lives without detriment, but sometimes the
negative symptoms don't go away. It's kind of like being on a scary ride
at a park except you can't get off when you want to; You get scared over
and over again and it just won't stop. Imagine having to live in that
scary ride where you want nothing more then to get off but can't; PTSD
is like that where your body is stuck in the response loop caused by the
initial trauma. More specifically it is a disorder caused by a traumatic
event occurring in your life, and the specific nature of this event is
not that important. Pain, hurt, and fear are all subjective and as such
there is an infinite number of triggers that could cause someone to
develop PTSD. What is more important than the specific nature of the
event is how the event makes you feel afterwards. The symptoms vary
widely but some common symptoms are nightmares, flashbacks to the
triggering event, trouble sleeping, and causing you to feel detached
from your life and those around you. The important thing to remember
with symptoms is that PTSD interrupts your daily life and schedule. It's
not that you don't want to be with your friends, or perform well at
work, but that your hurting and that hurt is making these very simple
things much harder. Due to its very nature PTSD is often not a persons
only problem. Depression and various other mental illnesses are common,
and substance abuse is often turned to by those suffering from this
disorder. A person with PTSD is also more likely to commit suicide then
those without PTSD according to the National Center for PTSD. If you
think you or someone you know may be suffering from PTSD please contact
the National Hopeline Network at (800) 442-HOPE to speak to someone who
has been trained to help in whatever way they can. If you do not feel
comfortable with a hotline please speak to a trusted individual and your
doctor about seeking help however you may need it.

https://www.psychguides.com/guides/ptsd-hotline/
https://www.ptsd.va.gov/understand/related/suicide_ptsd.asp
https://dictionary.apa.org/posttraumatic-stress-disorder
https://www.psychiatry.org/patients-families/ptsd/what-is-ptsd

  - https://www.psychiatry.org/patients-families/ptsd/what-is-ptsd

https://dictionary.apa.org/posttraumatic-stress-disorder

  - Tetris, word games help:
    https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5678449/

[[Mental Health]]