https://rtalbert.org/in-defense-of-teaching-yourself-the-material/

https://twitter.com/lovemysummer/status/1434233245294645258?s=19

More on faculty self-development:

Most instructor learning happens individually

http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/07294360.2017.1303455

Data driven [[decision-making]] in the era of
accountability: Fostering faculty data cultures for learning

http://muse.jhu.edu/article/650170

Book: Making Their Own Way: Narratives for Transforming Higher Education
to Promote Self-Development

https://www.amazon.com/Making-Their-Own-Way-Self-Development/dp/1579220916

(also mentions the theory of "self-authorship")

Newer book: Authoring Your Life: Developing an Internal Voice to
Navigate Life’s Challenges

https://www.amazon.com/Authoring-Your-Life-Developing-Challenges/dp/1579222714

More on self-authorship:

https://studentdevelopmenttheory.wordpress.com/self-authorship-and-transitions/

https://www.aacu.org/publications-research/periodicals/engaged-learning-enabling-self-authorship-and-effective-practice

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-authorship

Four phases towards self-authorship:

Phase 1: Following Formulas—allowing others to define who you are,
“young adults follow the plans laid out for them” while assuring
themselves they created these plans themselves (p.185)

Phase 2: Crossroads—The plan’s a student has been following do not
necessarily fit anymore, and new plans need to be established. Students
are dissatisfied with self. As student development professionals, we
should be extremely adept at seeing this stage and know how to guide our
students to a life of purpose when they are at the “crossroads.”

Phase 3: Becoming the Author of One’s Life—creating the ability to
choose own beliefs and stand up for them (especially when facing
conflict or opposing views)

Phase 4: Internal Foundation—“grounded in their self-determined belief
system, in their sense of who they are, and the mutuality of their
relationships” (p. 186)

-----

Classroom training and E-Learning are the least valued ways of learning.
This is what it means for L\&D

http://modernworkplacelearning.com/magazine/classroom-training-and-e-learning-are-the-least-valued-ways-of-learning/

“ the most valued ways of learning also include Web search, Web
resources and Professional Networks and Communities. Many in L\&D have
used the fact that the key features of these activities are that they
are short, visual, flexible and social to create new types of online
content and training.

However, the most significant feature that has been overlooked is that
they are self-selected and self-organised activities – by the
individuals concerned. Whilst some might still believe that workplace
learning is something that needs to be organised and managed by L\&D, it
is just as important to focus on helping individuals become more
self-reliant and self-sufficient individuals who learn from a wide
variety of sources: content, people, events and experiences – both
inside and outside their organisation – and who can “bring the outside
in” so their organizations can learn from them and grow and thrive.

The other significant feature of these activities is that individuals
are learning from them continuously. It is very clear nowadays that it
is up to everyone to become a lifelong learner and keep up to date with
what’s happening in their industry or profession to remain employable.
But, today, it is also incumbent upon L\&D
[[departments]] to provide continuous learning and
development opportunities for their people. That doesn’t just mean
providing continuous training, but creating, curating – and indeed
coordinating – a wide range of learning resources and activities.

“

Employee Centred Learning & Development: A Model for the Modern
Workplace

http://modernworkplacelearning.com/magazine/employee-centred-learning-development/

“I have written extensively about how my 11 year longitudinal study into
learning tools shows that more and more individuals are doing a lot to
learn for themselves – by Googling what they need, by watching YouTube
to get quick answers to their performance problems, by building a
professional network of people from whom they can learn on an ongoing
basis, as well as signing up for Web courses or MOOCs if they want to
learn something more formally.”

And this is very important, because nowadays everyone needs to be an
independent lifelong learner – it’s no longer enough to rely on being
educated or trained to do a job to last a whole career. Everyone needs
to take it upon themselves to self-improve and self-develop in the new
and evolving world of work where jobs are changing all the time – and
where there is no such thing as a job for life.

Furthermore, organizations need workers to be self-sufficient lifelong
learners too – that is people who are constantly discovering new things
– new ideas, new thinking, new resources – and bring what they learn
into the organisation, so that others can benefit from them too. In
fact, this is the only way to build a true “learning culture“ or
“learning organisation” – otherwise you simply have a training
culture.

Although many L\&D departments are making great efforts to modernize
their training activities – i.e .by creating shorter, more visual, more
social, more flexible, and more accessible resources – in order to offer
similar experiences that people chose to have on the Web – this is not
enough. In this fast changing world of work, L\&D are finding it
increasingly difficult just to cater for everyone’s current needs, let
alone prepare them for the future.

And as the power of the individual grows, modern employees want more
flexibility and autonomy in how they work and learn. We are now in the
Age of the Individual.

Whilst many L\&D professionals do recognise this, they just don’t know
how to enable and support continuous independent learning, and more
often than not try to force-fit it it into the traditional training
model – by trying to capture and manage everything in some sort of
central enterprise learning management system or “learning platform”.
Whereas an enterprise platform might be relevant to keep track of
(mandatory) corporate training, it is just not appropriate to use it to
try to manage an individual’s professional learning.

In other words, the traditional, top down, one-size-fits-all,
command-and-control approach to workplace learning – which organizations
have been using for more than 100 years – is just not up to the new
world of work. What it requires is a new workplace learning model.

The Employee-Centred Learning & Development (ECLD) Model – turns
everything on its head. Here an employee’s professional learning and
development lies at the very centre of the model. It is something they
organise in a privately owned learning space and evidence in a privately
owned digital portfolio. It is the role of their manager to enable the
growth and development of all the members of his/her whole team, and the
role of L\&D to work with both managers and individuals to support all
this – as summarised on the diagram below.

See also [[Self-directed learning]],
[[Self-regulated learning]], and
[[Lifelong learning]]

[[Learning]] [[Student Success]]