  - [[Statistics education]]
  - [[Data science]]
  - [[ANOVA]]
  - [[MANOVA]]
  - [[R (programming language)]]

  - https://www.openintro.org/book/ims/

  - https://osf.io/zc89h/

  - [[Linear models]],  [[R (programming language)]]
    https://lindeloev.github.io/tests-as-linear/

  - http://debrouwere.org/2017/02/01/unlearning-descriptive-statistics/

Statistics Teacher Network http://www.amstat.org/education/stn/
Consortium for the Advancement of Undergraduate Statistics Education
(CAUSE) https://www.causeweb.org/ US Conference on Teaching Statistics
https://www.causeweb.org/uscots/

Electronic Conference on Teaching Statistics (eCOTS)
https://www.causeweb.org/ecots/

Computer-Assisted Statistics Textbooks

This is Statistics http://thisisstatistics.org/

Statistics Primer

Teaching with R
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/mosaic/index.html
http://mosaic-web.org/

Free e-book on statistics with R: http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/
https://www.ossblog.org/grasp-r-programming-open-source-books/

StatKey - to accompany Statistics: Unlocking the Power of Data
http://lock5stat.com/statkey/

teaching statistics online The Challenges in Developing an Online
Applied Statistics Program: Lessons Learned at Penn State University
http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00031305.2015.1038583?src=recsys&journalCode=utas20

Creating a Student-Centered Learning Environment Online
https://amstat.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10691898.2018.1475205

Engaging Students in the Practice of Statistics Through Undergraduate
Research
https://amstat.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10691898.2018.1475204

Statistics Education in the Health Sciences
https://amstat.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10691898.2018.1483786

  - Justifying control variables
    https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/25152459221095823

Resources http://andyluttrell.com/datagen.html

http://students.brown.edu/seeing-theory/

javascript applets:
https://286078b1ecc387529e71d26ba7fd7dcc269692e2-www.googledrive.com/host/0BzZW9Sv9QtCDWnJ4MndFcGJhbkU/

http://rpsychologist.com/d3/NHST/

Here are some interactive and effective ways to learn stats online. The
Open Learning Initiative's open Probability & Statistics Course out of
Carnegie Mellon might just be the most researched and carefully designed
course out there.
http://oli.cmu.edu/courses/free-open/statistics-course-detai...
Students learn more statistics concepts in half the time as a
traditional stats course.
http://oli.cmu.edu/get-to-know-oli/see-our-proven-results/ The
Statistics Online Computational Resource (SOCR) site is also amazing for
actually learning and playing with common statistical tests and tools:
http://www.socr.ucla.edu/ Collaborative Statistics is a free and
interactive statistics textbook:
https://www.kno.com/book/details/productId/txt9780983804905 You can
also run Sage, R, Python, Octave (Matlab clone) and other tools right in
the browser now: https://cloud.sagemath.com/

Why squared error? http://www.benkuhn.net/squared

Journals https://www.causeweb.org/research/readings/journals.php

Articles, Best Practices

special issue: http://amstat.tandfonline.com/toc/utas20/69/4
http://amstat.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00031305.2015.1094283

https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10654-016-0149-3

https://learnandteachstatistics.wordpress.com/2012/04/23/stop-faking-it/

http://www.nature.com/news/statistics-p-values-are-just-the-tip-of-the-iceberg-1.17412?WT.ec_id=NATURE-20150430
Teaching Statistics to Real People: Adventures in Social Stochastics -
using team-based learning, or peer-supported learning in statistics

http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10758-015-9262-8

  - https://www.omnicalculator.com/statistics

  - Watching [[video]] before a  [[Flipped learning]] statistics class helps
    students
    https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0360131521002761?dgcid=raven_sd_aip_email

[[Statistics]]