  -  [[Resistance to educational development]] [[Resistance to educational development]]
    teaching](Student_evaluations_of_teaching "wikilink")
  - [[Resistance to change]]
  - [[Faculty resistance]]

  - https://doug.holton.space/2019/01/student-resistance/
  - https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0261706

Forms of Student Resistance Matrix. Active vs. Passive Resistance (left
column) and Asserting Autonomy vs. Self-Preservation (top row).
Asserting autonomy: Pushing against external influence. Emotions: anger,
frustration, resentment. Self-Preservation: Trying to accommodate
external influence. Emotions: anxiety. fear. Active Resistance and
Asserting Autonomy: 1. Arguing or disagreeing with professor in the
classroom 2. Repeatedly asking tor the rationale for assignments 3.
Saying they paid for the class and want it taught how they like. 4.
Inciting other students to rebel or not collaborate, disrupting class
activities. 5. Complaining to higher authority. Active Resistance and
Self-Preservation: 1. Repeatedly asking for detailed clarification of
grading criteria. 2. Taking over group assignments to ensure an adequate
grade. 3. Arguing with the professor over grades received; seeking
additional points or consideration 4. Focus on surface approach to
learning. Passive Resistance and Asserting Autonomy. 1. Refusing to come
to class. 2. Refusing to participate during in-class exercises (does not
get into groups; does not comply with assignment tasks). 3. Does not
turn In assignments at all or is consistently late. 4. Complaining about
the professor soother students. Passive Resistance and
Self-Preservation: 1. Expressing concerns about working with others. 2.
Avoidance of conflicts and refusing to resolve situations or bring them
to the professor's awareness. 3. Minimal participation In class
(withdrawn, does not speak or give feedback, lets others make all
decisions) .

[[Teaching]]